how to write a blog post fast
look one of the big things with my
success when it comes to marketing is
because i've been able to write a lot of
content over the last 20 years sounds
like a long time but it's allowed me to
attract literally hundreds of millions
of people to my website
and i get roughly just two million
visitors alone per month just from seo
plus i have literally over a thousand
clients that have hired me throughout my
career and a lot of them are fortune 500
companies it has helped me grow
companies not just the seven figures but
eight figures and even nine figures a
year in revenue believe it or not
through content marketing but the key is
you got to write that content fast
because if it takes you forever it's
going to take you forever to get the
results in so you need to be fast when i
first started writing you could just
write a 700 word blog post and pop it up
get rankings in a matter of days keep in
mind
yes even though it's more competitive
these days there's also way more people
searching
nowadays i don't write 700 word blog
posts but i still have figured out how
to make and write 2000 word blog posts
super fast so that way i can get results
and still generate that seo traffic and
get more clients like any other skill
writing gets easier if you practice it a
lot but i know what you're thinking hey
i don't have that much time to practice
it i'm not going to put 10 000 hours in
something like malcolm gladwell says i
need to figure out a solution that's
fast and here's the thing if you want to
get traffic to your content you better
be clear of something you'll either have
to write a lot of content over time or
you'll need to hire people to do it for
you yes with practice you'll get faster
and better but you shouldn't be looking
for a shortcut to skip that practice
either way you can use these hacks and
i'm going to give you a few of them to
write content up to five times faster
without relying on other people doesn't
mean you don't need a practice you just
don't need to put 10 000 hours into it
so first start off with phrase.io it
helps with competitor analysis it'll
identify a lot of valuable information
on your competitors the topics that
they're writing about how frequently the
number of headings that they're using
the word count the sources that they're
linking to the questions that people are
asking about the topic and many other
things that you need to do manually this
can shave tons of time with writing
because look
with writing if you do your research
right it speeds up the whole process and
phrase will help with that now when it
comes to writing there are a lot of
tools that you can use for ai that'll
just help speed things up right these
artificial intelligence writing tools
just to name a few like jasper.ai
copy.ai copy shark copy smith and even
tools like jarvis they'll put your ideas
down and you don't have to do tons of
editing and it'll give you a first draft
now once you have the first draft yes
you'll need to go and finesse it and
tons of editing you know means a lot of
different things to different people
usually if it would take you two hours
to do it from scratch with these tools
it'll cut it down by half and the
problem is is you're wasting a lot of
times on ideas and you don't want to end
up doing that so if you go with this
process from using these tools from
helping you come up with ideas and
writing the first draft you can then
spend your time adjusting tweaking
making things better and editing or you
can just hire someone to help you with
that too then there's also content
templates writings and frameworks and
these templates can make life a lot
easier so when you're writing it's all
about creating templates that you can
reuse
the aida framework is a classic example
it's an acronym for awareness interest
desire and action frameworks like these
will help you structure your content in
a logical way which keeps viewers
interested and reading your content
longer if you write out of your own
creativity every time it'll be harder
for you to come up with well-structured
ideas but if you follow that framework
you'll be off into the races and that's
how you cut down your content time by
following all those steps by roughly 4
or 5x